- [Ketkee] Many of us probably know
the standard edition APIs for concurrency,
but when it comes to an enterprise environment,
the picture changes entirely.
Prior to Java Enterprise Edition Version 7,
we did have an opportunity to create threads
using the standard edition,
but it was considered a dangerous practice.
But with the advent of the enterprise version now,
which supports concurrency utilities,
we have options where we can easily seamlessly integrate
the background processing or parallelism tasks
in an enterprise application.
So in this course, we are going to look
at the four basic APIs
under enterprise edition concurrency utilities,
and then we'll go on to do demos for each one of them.
We will also talk about what happens
with concurrency in a distributed environment
and if there are transactions in there,
how do we handle them.
So let's get started.